Hundreds are really ignorant hillbillies
This is the largest jewelry and jade shop in Linhai City.
50,000 minimum
You want to buy real fat for a few hundred.
I don't know where the coin came from
I'm afraid there is something wrong with the brain
Go home and see
peanut
The batch of rough stones shipped from Yunnan
It's underground.
Just go to Mr. Li and Mr. Dai, you wait there
Just waiting for you to start
Boss, I'm preparing a stone gambling event tonight
Why don't you go play with me?
I'm not going.
Hey, can I bet on stones?
Do you want to go?
Then together we
Anyone who can enter my stone gambling venue either has an identity
Or capable
What do you have?
I have a boyfriend
What can you do for a poor man?
Oh Caiyun, don't you want to take me to play?
Just took him with me
Maybe we're lucky
Can you still make good jadeite?
Little girl, I'm afraid of you
But it's good to let him see and see
It also allows you to identify what kind of friends to make
What kind of friends should I not make?
Can we go?
Is the man next to Miss Ye Chen Hao?
Hahaha, if you can't squat, it will itch.
I know and look forward to drinking some medical skills
He should live in Beijing.
Why do you push him on this occasion?